Reales notes fix bugs (#2952)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the `DEMISTO_SDK_GRAPH_FORCE_CREATE` environment variable. Use it to force the SDK to recreate the graph, rather than update it.
* Added support for code importing multi-level ApiModules to **lint**.
* Added a validation that the **modeling-rules test** command will fail if no test data file exist.

> * Added a better informative message when yml file is not parsed as a dict **common/tools.py**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the clarity of error messages for cases where yml files cannot be parsed as a dictionary.
```

> * Fixed an issue where **update-release-notes** would generate a new file for first version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **update-release-notes** generated release notes for packs in their initial version (1.0.0).
```
